Add release notes for 1.14.0 (#4044)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/release-notes/1.14.0.mdx

 
  </Tip>
- You can now fluently build a gRPC client with various options using
  <type://GrpcClientBuilder>. #3981 #3999 #3964 #3975
  ```java
  GrpcClients.builder(...)
             .decorator(myDecorators)
             .maxResponseMessageLength(MAX_MESSAGE_SIZE)
             .jsonMarshallerFactory(descriptor -> {
                 ...
             })
             .intercept(myInterceptors)
             .build(MyStub.class);
  ``` 
- You can now use <type://ServiceRequestContext.queryParams(String)> to get a decoded query part. #3955 #3960
- You can now set an <type://ExchangeType> to <type://HttpService> for whether to enable streaming. #3956
  - Non-streaming services will show better performance when sending and receiving a small size of data.
  - However, if streaming is disabled, a request and response will be buffered before it is sent or received.
    So it is recommended to enable streaming when handling a large size of data.
  ```java
  class MyRestService implements HttpService {
    @Override 
    ExchangeType exchangeType(RequestHeaders headers, Route route) {
      return ExchangeType.UNARY; 
    }
  }

>   ```

Author: Yes, it should be removed.

      assert data.toStringUtf8().equals("data1,data2");
  }).peekTrailers(trailers -> {
      assert trailers.get("trailer").equals("foo");
  });
  
  HttpRequest failed = HttpRequest.ofFailure(new IllegalStateException("Something went wrong."));
  HttpRequest peeked = failed.peekError(cause -> {
    assert cause instanceof IllegalStateException;
  });
  ```
- You can now generate an error response differently depending on the <type://RequestHeaders>. #4037
- You can now use `{*variable}` and `:variable` path patterns to capture rest paths of a request. #3031 #3997
  ```java
  Server.builder()
        .service("/api/{item}/route/{*contents}", (ctx, req) -> {
            // If a request path is "/api/123/route/foo/bar/baz",
            // '*contents' should be:
            assert ctx.pathPath("contents").equals("foo/bar/baz");
        });
  ```
- You can now send query parameters using <type://QueryParams> with <type://WebClient> #3915 #3921
  ```java
  QueryParams params = QueryParams.of("foo", "bar");
  WebClient client = ...;
  client.get("/api/items/1", params);
  client.post("/api/items", params, content);
  ```
- You can now write a `StreamMessage<HttpData>` into a file using

>   <type://StreamMessages#writeTo(StreamMessage,Path,)>. #3870 #3874

Author: > Does the trailing comma in the <type> tag have any meaning?

Varags is converted into a tailing comma. 

> Maybe in the next release: I wonder if we can add writeTo to StreamMessage interface, by adding a mapping function parameter: 

Great idea. Let me file an issue for it soon.

  ```java
  StreamMessage<HttpData> stream = ...;
  Path destination = ...;
  StreamMessages.writeTo(stream, destination);
  ```
- You can now force a state transition of a <type://CircuitBreaker>
  by using <type://CircuitBreaker#enterState(CircuitState)>. #4010 #4022
  ```java
  CircuitBreaker circuitBreaker = ...;
  circuitBreaker.enterState(CircuitState.OPEN);
  ```
- You can now conveniently create a <type://RetryRule> and <type://RetryRuleWithContent> with their
  specific <type://Backoff>. #3875 #2899 #3895
  ```java
  RetryRule.falesafe(Backoff.fixed(1000));
  RetryRuleWithContent.onException(Backoff.fixed(2000));
  ```
- You can now dynamically change the maximum number of concurrent active requests of
  a <type://ConcurrencyLimitingClient> #3842 #3985
  ```java
  ConcurrencyLimitingClient.newDecorator(new DynamicLimit());
  
  class DynamicLimit implements IntSupplier {

    @Override
    public int getAsInt() {
      // Dynamically returns the current limitation.
      ...
    }
  }
  ```
- We can get the content and trailers of an <type://HttpRequest> separately by using

>   <type://HttpRequest#split()>. #3924 #3953

Author: > <type://HttpRequest> into <type://RequestHeaders>, `StreamMessage<HttpData>`

Technically, `RequestHeaders` is accessible already before splitting it. But it is understandable to mention headers together.

  anymore. #3932 #3941
  - A new header value will be appended to the old value.
- You no longer see `413 Request Entity Too Large` when a server receives a cleartext(h2c) upgrade
  with a size greater than 16384. #3859 #3913
  - The maximum allowed length of an upgrade request will respect <type://ServerBuilder#maxRequestLength(long)>
    or <type://VirtualHost#maxRequestLength()>.
- Improved <type://Multipart> decoder to correctly publish chunks one by one when streaming 
  a large <type://BodyPart>. #3774 #3783

## 🏚️ Deprecations

- <type://CircuitBreaker#canRequest()> has been deprecated in favor of 
  <type://CircuitBreaker#tryRequest()>. #4012
- <type://Cookie#builder(String,String)> and <type://Cookie#of(String,String)> has been deprecated in favor of
  <type://Cookie#secureBuilder(String,String)> and <type://Cookie#ofSecure(String,String)>. #3788 #3939

## ☢️ Breaking changes

- <type://HealthChecker#of(Supplier,Duration)?full> and 
- <type://HealthChecker#of(Supplier,Duration,EventExecutor)?full> now returns 
- <type://ListenableHealthChecker> instead of <type://HealthChecker>. #4017

> - The method signatures
>   of <type://ServerErrorHandler#renderStatus(ServiceConfig,RequestHeaders,HttpStatus,String,Throwable)> has been
>   changed. #4037
>   - <type://RequestHeaders> is added as the second argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <type://ServerErrorHandler#renderStatus(ServiceConfig,RequestHeaders,HttpStatus,String,Throwable)>
  now requires an additional parameter <type://RequestHeaders>. #4037
  - This allows a user to generate a different error response on a different request header value.
```

---
date: 2022-1-27
---

## 🌟 New features

- You can now use [Scala 3](https://dotty.epfl.ch/) for `armeria-scala` and `armeria-scalapb`. #3614 #4036
  <Tip>

  Scala 3 modules are currently experimental. We're looking forward to your feedback.

  </Tip>

> - You can now fluently convert an <type://HttpResponse> into another using <type://WebClient>. #4021

Reviewer 2: nit, I find `another` ambiguous.

```suggestion
- You can now fluently convert an <type://HttpResponse> into a desired type using <type://WebClient>. #4021
```

  Use it from a non-`EventLoop` thread such as <type://BlockingTaskExecutor>.
 
  </Tip>
- You can now fluently build a gRPC client with various options using
  <type://GrpcClientBuilder>. #3981 #3999 #3964 #3975
  ```java
  GrpcClients.builder(...)
             .decorator(myDecorators)
             .maxResponseMessageLength(MAX_MESSAGE_SIZE)
             .jsonMarshallerFactory(descriptor -> {
                 ...
             })
             .intercept(myInterceptors)
             .build(MyStub.class);
  ``` 
- You can now fluently build an <type://HttpResponse> by using <type://HttpRequestBuilder>. #3398 #3941
  ```java
  HttpResponse.builder()
              .ok()
              .header(HttpHeaderNames.USER_AGENT, "Armeria")
              .content(content)
              .build(); 
  ```
- You can now use <type://StreamMessage#mapAsync(Function)> to transform a <type://StreamMessage> 
  using an async operation. #3916 #3962
  ```java
  StreamMessage<Integer> userIds = StreamMessage.of(...);
  StreamMessage<UserInfo> userInfos = streamMessage.mapAsync(this::getUserInfo);
  
  CompletableFuture<UserInfo> getUserInfo(int userId) {
      ...
  }
  ```

> - You can now use <type://HttpMessage#peekData(Consumer)>, <type://HttpMessage#peekTrailers(Consumer)> and
>   <type://StreamMessage#peekError(Consumer)> and <type://HttpResponse#peekHeaders(Consumer)> operators on
>   <type://HttpRequest> and <type://HttpResponse>. #3097 #3988 #3949

Reviewer 2: when listing multiple subjects, "and" should link only the last subjects

```suggestion
- You can now use <type://HttpMessage#peekData(Consumer)>, <type://HttpMessage#peekTrailers(Consumer)>,
  <type://StreamMessage#peekError(Consumer)> and <type://HttpResponse#peekHeaders(Consumer)> operators on
  <type://HttpRequest> and <type://HttpResponse>. #3097 #3988 #3949
```

Also, it might be easier on the eye if the order were header -> data -> trailer -> error instead.

Author: Good suggestion!

  ```java
  HttpRequest request = HttpRequest.of(RequestHeaders.of(HttpMethod.POST, "/items"),
                                       HttpData.ofUtf8("data1,data2"))
                                       HttpHeaders.of("trailer", "foo"));
  HttpRequest peeked = 
    request.peekData(data -> {
      assert data.toStringUtf8().equals("data1,data2");
    }).peekTrailers(trailers -> {
       assert trailers.get("trailer").equals("foo");
    });
  
  HttpRequest failed = HttpRequest.ofFailure(new IllegalStateException("Something went wrong."));
  HttpRequest peeked = failed.peekError(cause -> {
    assert cause instanceof IllegalStateException;
  });
  ```
- You can now generate an error response differently in <type://ServerErrorHandler> depending 
  on the <type://RequestHeaders>. #4037
- You can now use `{*var}` and `:*var` path patterns to capture rest paths of a request. #3031 #3997
  ```java
  Server.builder()
        .service("/api/{item}/route/{*contents}", (ctx, req) -> {
            // If a request path is "/api/123/route/foo/bar/baz",
            // '*contents' should be:
            assert ctx.pathPath("contents").equals("foo/bar/baz");
        });
  ```

> - You can now use <type://ServiceRequestContext#queryParams(String)> to get a decoded query part. #3955 #3960

Reviewer 2: nit; I don't think I've ever heard of the term `query part` (correct me if I'm wrong 😅 )

```suggestion
- You can now use <type://ServiceRequestContext#queryParams(String)> to get the decoded query parameters. #3955 #3960
```

- You can now send query parameters using <type://QueryParams> with <type://WebClient>. #3915 #3921
  ```java
  QueryParams params = QueryParams.of("foo", "bar");
  WebClient client = ...;
  // Sends 'GET /api/items/1?foo=bar'
  client.get("/api/items/1", params);
  // Sends 'POST /api/items' with body '...'
  client.post("/api/items", params, content);
  ```
- You can now write a `StreamMessage<HttpData>` into a file using
  <type://StreamMessages#writeTo(StreamMessage,Path,)>. #3870 #3874
  ```java
  StreamMessage<HttpData> stream = ...;
  Path destination = ...;
  StreamMessages.writeTo(stream, destination);
  ```
- You can now force a state transition of a <type://CircuitBreaker>
  by using <type://CircuitBreaker#enterState(CircuitState)>. #4010 #4022
  ```java
  CircuitBreaker circuitBreaker = CircuitBreaker.of(...);
  circuitBreaker.enterState(CircuitState.FORCED_OPEN);
  ```

> - You can now conveniently create a <type://RetryRule> and <type://RetryRuleWithContent> with their
>   specific <type://Backoff>. #3875 #2899 #3895

Reviewer 2: nit; `their` makes it sound like `Backoff` should only be used with `RetryRule*`

```suggestion
- You can now conveniently create a <type://RetryRule> and <type://RetryRuleWithContent> by specifying
  a <type://Backoff>. #3875 #2899 #3895
```

     }
   };

   @Test
   void test() {
     WebClient client = server.webClient(cb -> {  // 👈👈👈
       cb.decorator(LoggingClient.newDecorator());
     });
     client.get("/foo").aggregate().join();
   }
  ```
- You can now export metrics as [OpenMetrics](https://github.com/OpenObservability/OpenMetrics/blob/main/specification/OpenMetrics.md)
  format using <type://PrometheusExpositionService>. #3926 #3928
- You can now use <type://UnframedGrpcStatusMappingFunction> to customize how a gRPC status is mapped to 
  an <type://HttpStatus> when using an unframed gRPC service. #3683 #3948
  ```java
  UnframedGrpcStatusMappingFunction mappingFunction = 
      (ctx, grpcStatus, cause) -> {
        if (grpcStatus.getCode() == DEADLINE_EXCEEDED) {
            return INTERNAL_SERVER_ERROR;
        }
        // Pass to the default mapping function.
        return null;
      };
  
  UnframedGrpcErrorHandler errorHandler = 
     UnframedGrpcErrorHandler.ofJson(mappingFunction);
  
  GrpcService
      .builder()
      .unframedGrpcErrorHandler(errorHandler);
  ```
- You can now expose `WebOperation`s of Actuator to a port of internal services. #3919 #3946
  ```yaml
  armeria:
    ...

>   internal-services:
>     # Actuator will be exposed to 18080 port.
>     include: actuator, health 
>     port: 18080

Reviewer 2: nit; I'm wondering if indentation is off here 

```suggestion
    internal-services:
      # Actuator will be exposed to 18080 port.
      include: actuator, health 
      port: 18080
```

Author: 😱

  ``` 
- Added <type://JettyServiceBuilder#tlsReverseDnsLookup(boolean)> that makes <type://JettyService>

>   perform a reverse DNS lookup for each TLS connection, which may be useful for the
>   Servlets that assumes `ServletRequest.getRemoteHost()` will return a remote host name

Reviewer 2: nit; servlets isn't indefinite

```suggestion
  perform a reverse DNS lookup for each TLS connection, which may be useful for 
  servlets that assume `ServletRequest.getRemoteHost()` will return a remote host name
```

  Jetty `HttpConfiguration` in a type-safe manner.

## 📈 Improvements

- You can now distinguish services, messages and enums with the same name by their package names from 
  <type://DocService> UI. #3979
- Improved the memory footprint of <type://PrometheusExpositionService> by removing large byte array
  allocations. #3929

## 🛠️ Bug fixes

- You no longer see `ClassCastException` when duplicating an <type://HttpRequest> or 
  an <type://HttpResponse>. #4030 #4032
- You no longer see `IllegalArgumentException` if an upper-bounded wildcard type with <type://@Param>
  is used in annotated services. #4007 #4008
- You can now properly get `SameSite` attribute from <type://Cookie#sameSite()>. #3968 #3984
- You no longer see an <type://EmptyEndpointGroupException> when an <type://EndpointGroup> is successfully
  resolved with the initial <typeplural://Endpoint>. #3978
- <type://HttpRequestBuilder#header(CharSequence,Object)> does not overwrite an old header value 
  anymore. #3932 #3941
  - A new header value will be appended to the old value.
- You no longer see `413 Request Entity Too Large` when a server receives a cleartext (h2c) upgrade request

>   lager than 16384 bytes. #3859 #3913

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  larger than 16384 bytes. #3859 #3913
```

  ```java
  WebClient client = WebClient.of("https://api.example.com");
  CompletableFuture<ResponseEntity<MyObject>> response =
      client.prepare()
            .get("/v1/items/1")
            .asJson(MyObject.class)
            .execute();
  ``` 
- You can now use <type://BlockingWebClient> to wait for an <type://HttpResponse> to be completed. #4021
  ```java
  BlockingWebClient client = BlockingWebClient.of("https://api.example.com");
  ResponseEntity<MyObject> response =
      client.prepare()
            .get("/v1/items/1")
            .asJson(MyObject.class)
            .execute();
  ``` 
  <Tip>

  Note that you should never use this client in an `EventLoop` thread.
  Use it from a non-`EventLoop` thread such as <type://BlockingTaskExecutor>.
 
  </Tip>
- You can now fluently build a gRPC client with various options using
  <type://GrpcClientBuilder>. #3981 #3999 #3964 #3975
  ```java
  GrpcClients.builder(...)
             .decorator(myDecorators)
             .maxResponseMessageLength(MAX_MESSAGE_SIZE)
             .jsonMarshallerFactory(descriptor -> {
                 ...
             })
             .intercept(myInterceptors)
             .build(MyStub.class);
  ``` 

> - You can now fluently build an <type://HttpResponse> by using <type://HttpRequestBuilder>. #3398 #3941

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now fluently build an <type://HttpResponse> by using <type://HttpResponseBuilder>. #3398 #3941
```

Author: 😱

  <type://HttpRequest> and <type://HttpResponse>. #3097 #3988 #3949
  ```java
  HttpRequest request = HttpRequest.of(RequestHeaders.of(HttpMethod.POST, "/items"),
                                       HttpData.ofUtf8("data1,data2"))
                                       HttpHeaders.of("trailer", "foo"));
  HttpRequest peeked = 
    request.peekData(data -> {
      assert data.toStringUtf8().equals("data1,data2");
    }).peekTrailers(trailers -> {
      assert trailers.get("trailer").equals("foo");
    });
  
  HttpRequest failed = HttpRequest.ofFailure(new IllegalStateException("Something went wrong."));
  HttpRequest peeked = failed.peekError(cause -> {
    assert cause instanceof IllegalStateException;
  });
  ```
- You can now generate an error response differently in <type://ServerErrorHandler> depending 
  on the <type://RequestHeaders>. #4037
- You can now use `{*var}` and `:*var` path patterns to capture rest paths of a request. #3031 #3997
  ```java
  Server.builder()
        .service("/api/{item}/route/{*contents}", (ctx, req) -> {
          // If a request path is "/api/123/route/foo/bar/baz",

>           // '*contents' should be:

Reviewer 2: I'm not strong on this, but it looks like the comment is cut half-way. Maybe just me though 😅 

```suggestion
          // '*contents' should be foo/bar/baz
```

- <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#setMaxInboundMessageSizeBytes(int)> and <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#setMaxOutboundMessageSizeBytes(int)>
  have been deprecated in favor of <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#maxRequestMessageLength(int)> and 
  <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#maxResponseMessageLength(int)>. #3999
- <type://AbstractBlockingHttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders)?full> has been deprecated in favor of
  <type://AbstractBlockingHttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders,MediaTypeResolver)?full>. #4009
- <type://HttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders)?full> has been deprecated in favor of
  <type://HttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders,MediaTypeResolver)?full>. #4009

## ☢️ Breaking changes

- <type://HealthChecker#of(Supplier,Duration)?full> and 
  <type://HealthChecker#of(Supplier,Duration,EventExecutor)?full> now returns 
  <type://ListenableHealthChecker> instead of <type://HealthChecker>. #4017
- <type://ServerErrorHandler#renderStatus(ServiceConfig,RequestHeaders,HttpStatus,String,Throwable)> now 
  requires an additional parameter <type://RequestHeaders>. #4037

>   - This allows a user to generate a different error response depending on the different request header value.

Reviewer 2: Sorry about my previous review, the double `different` wording doesn't sound natural 

```suggestion
  - This allows a user to generate a different error response depending on the request header value.
```

---
date: 2022-1-27
---

## 🌟 New features

- You can now use [Scala 3](https://dotty.epfl.ch/) for `armeria-scala` and `armeria-scalapb`. #3614 #4036
  <Tip>

  Scala 3 modules are currently experimental. We're looking forward to your feedback.

  </Tip>

- You can now fluently convert an <type://HttpResponse> into a desired type using <type://WebClient>. #4021
  ```java
  WebClient client = WebClient.of("https://api.example.com");
  CompletableFuture<ResponseEntity<MyObject>> response =
      client.prepare()
            .get("/v1/items/1")
            .asJson(MyObject.class)

>             .execute();

Reviewer: We use 4-space indentation in some places but 2-space one in other places. Given people can read this document on a mobile device, how about using 2-space indentation with aggresive line breaks?

Author: I intentionally use 4 spaces because it is a continuous indentation that has 8 spaces in an IDE based on 4 spaces.

Author: On second thought it would be better to use 2-space indentation always regardless of the previous context for mobile devices.

  client.get("/api/items/1", params);
  // Sends 'POST /api/items?foo=bar' with body '...'
  client.post("/api/items", params, content);
  ```
- You can now write a `StreamMessage<HttpData>` into a file using
  <type://StreamMessages#writeTo(StreamMessage,Path,)>. #3870 #3874
  ```java
  StreamMessage<HttpData> stream = ...;
  Path destination = ...;
  StreamMessages.writeTo(stream, destination);
  ```
- You can now force a state transition of a <type://CircuitBreaker>
  by using <type://CircuitBreaker#enterState(CircuitState)>. #4010 #4022
  ```java
  CircuitBreaker circuitBreaker = CircuitBreaker.of(...);
  circuitBreaker.enterState(CircuitState.FORCED_OPEN);
  ```
- You can now conveniently create a <type://RetryRule> and <type://RetryRuleWithContent> by specifying
  a <type://Backoff>. #3875 #2899 #3895
  ```java
  RetryRule.falesafe(Backoff.fixed(1000));
  RetryRuleWithContent.onException(Backoff.fixed(2000));
  ```
- You can now dynamically change the maximum number of concurrent active requests of
  a <type://ConcurrencyLimitingClient>. #3842 #3985
  ```java
  ConcurrencyLimitingClient.newDecorator(new DynamicLimit());
  
  class DynamicLimit implements IntSupplier {

> 
>     @Override

Reviewer: Could be more compact:
```suggestion
    @Override
```

    public int getAsInt() {
      // Dynamically returns the current limitation.
      ...
    }
  }
  ```
- You can now split an <type://HttpRequest> into <type://RequestHeaders>, `StreamMessage<HttpData>`
  and trailers using <type://HttpRequest#split()>. #3924 #3953
  ```java
  HttpRequest request = HttpRequest.of(...);
  SplitHttpRequest splitRequest = request.split();
  
  RequestHeaders headers = splitRequest.headers();
  StreamMessage<HttpData> body = splitRequest.body();
  CompletableFuture<HttpHeaders> trailers = splitRequest.trailers();
  ```
- Added more well-known MIME type constants to <type://MediaType>. #4040
- You can now customize the <type://MediaType> of a file when using <type://FileService>. #4001 #4009
  ```java

>   FileService.builder(resource)
>              .mediaTypeResolver((path, contentEncoding) -> {
>                if (path.endsWith(".proto")) {
>                  return MediaType.PROTOBUF;
>                }
>                if (path.endsWith(".csv")) {
>                  return MediaType.CSV_UTF_8;
>                }
>                return null;
>              })
>              .build();

Reviewer: Could use more aggressive line breaks so it looks better on mobile:
```suggestion
  FileService
    .builder(resource)
    .mediaTypeResolver((path, contentEncoding) -> {
      if (path.endsWith(".proto")) {
        return MediaType.PROTOBUF;
      }
      if (path.endsWith(".csv")) {
        return MediaType.CSV_UTF_8;
      }
      return null;
    })
    .build();
```

  in an annotated service. #3961 #4005
- Actuator now correctly shows `Liveness` and `Readiness` of a Kubernetes instance. #3031 #3997

## 🏚️ Deprecations

- <type://CircuitBreaker#canRequest()> has been deprecated in favor of 
  <type://CircuitBreaker#tryRequest()>. #4012
- <type://Cookie#builder(String,String)> and <type://Cookie#of(String,String)> have been deprecated in favor of
  <type://Cookie#secureBuilder(String,String)> and <type://Cookie#ofSecure(String,String)>. #3788 #3939
- <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#setMaxInboundMessageSizeBytes(int)> and <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#setMaxOutboundMessageSizeBytes(int)>
  have been deprecated in favor of <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#maxRequestMessageLength(int)> and 
  <type://GrpcServiceBuilder#maxResponseMessageLength(int)>. #3999
- <type://AbstractBlockingHttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders)?full> has been deprecated in favor of
  <type://AbstractBlockingHttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders,MediaTypeResolver)?full>. #4009
- <type://HttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders)?full> has been deprecated in favor of

>   <type://HttpVfs#get(Executor,String,Clock,String,HttpHeaders,MediaTypeResolver)?full>. #4009

Reviewer 2: <img width="1036" alt="Screen Shot 2022-01-27 at 6 12 08 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8510579/151328222-1a1f1277-e994-4458-ac72-9e13deb67dfe.png">

Minor, found some broken references

Author: It will be shown correctly after your merge #4009 PR. 😄

Author: I'm not so sure why it does not render correctly. It shows correctly after adding a space. 😅
Let me check the cause later. 
<img width="793" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1866157/151340704-ba495f30-aea0-44e8-9beb-293d320d2d2b.png">
